doc: use ASCII apostrophes consistently (#43114)
nodejs/node: doc/api/esm.md

### Examples

The various loader hooks can be used together to accomplish wide-ranging

> customizations of Node.js' code loading and evaluation behaviors.

Author: ```suggestion
customizations of the Node.js code loading and evaluation behaviors.
```
